Hello dear viewers with you filatov
Alexander
on my channel which is called a vector
There is such a video as hang closet without
the gap who did not watch it look I
I think it will be useful to someone
to today's video we dedicate to what
this way which i'm about which i
told the doctors a little bit finalized
Simplified a bit and today I will tell
how to assemble wall cabinets furniture
yes you can and hated bottom cabinets in
twice as fast and twice as comfortable I
already here has prepared a wardrobe that in the future
cuisine what is the principle
advanced let's say so
the way we milled four slots
depth of 5 millimeters 5
millimeters in 4 parts in two
vertical
in two horizontal and in these cuts
inserted as a parse and stenochku in
In this case, what I propose to do
we do the side walls more than
lower
20 millimeters that is here
you can clearly see the difference we only mill in
two details in the left
right vertically we mill
our bottom pass did not touch that is
we have two times less milling
what remains for us to do the next stage
let's put on the wall remember how
pretty problematic alone
man insert let on the wall here
here you can insert in two ways
grooves and push well me or me
filed yes you have a lid more than necessary
libya 3 grain
at a depth of less than necessary there is always
Plan b
if the plan worked here, look at you
how just expose our record
that's actually all installation
takes much less time that us
it remains now we are sure to be shooting
with you diagonal 1208
1207 well, almost 1208 that is, such
video the next stage is to have not or
lorak as a result of some kind there
the displacement of our our manipulations
deans left me usually nailing
stapler
several places it is enough to
fix and then what should be put
take a drill to put pita
put ratchet
but torque one and notice
self-tapping screws
I do not know about you and I fix the back wall
you will execute 16 screws me so
Will not find the method calmly
here and see what advantages
two times less milling plus come on
wall to assemble in seconds
suppress too + cutter thereby with
help with which our bases are milled
serves twice as thick along daughter daughter
and daughter and how let's get longer
correctly what else would you like to say
I would like to take this opportunity
thank the viewers for watching and
my channel and already more than twenty thousand
subscribers already in the region of 150 people
very nice for me, thus I
I understand that I do it not for nothing that people
like people maybe brings
some favor a lot of comments
about my videos there are positive
there is no positive want to thank
due to positive or negative
for me it is also useful for me
great experience but there are some
comments which is very very bad and
I would not want such
comments more fell on my
channel my friends if I want a little bit
clarify the situation what I did I
never said I'm the best
master i never said my
the best way to work
the only way and nothing else is just
my vision of this question is
problems no more if you have other
tell me another opinion
but you should never be correct
I urge you to see this
if you have an apple and i have
an apple we will exchange these
apples that we will have each
on apple and if you have information and
I have information and we will exchange to
Information everyone will have 2
information so i call you
let's instead discuss
condemn our my videos or something suddenly
and some masters let's share
experience to organize a group of some
I tell each other in the same way
gain experience additional and
self-cultivate i think it will
more correctly and today it is all not
work up to see you soon
and by the way about the promised video about
fixture bloom everything is filmed
just not enough time to
mount it soon
I'll do these videos
promised to see you see you soon
no meeting yet